hey folks it's Stu and Andy from
Evolution Unleashed and today we want to
just give a sneak peek into the kind of
approach we're using with our Advanced
prompt Mastery course which is the
prompt engineering course that's going
to help you sort of build prompts from
scratch for any use case in a way that's
perfectly tailored to the use case
whether that's for a client or for
yourself or for somebody else so today
we want to just use a very simple
example to demonstrate the power of
context and how it can align stuff that
much more powerfully to your current
situation because without context
chattypt is Running Blind ND right so
let's use an example uh how do you know
one of the most popular questions being
asked is how do I make money with check
GPT and if you ask that a question to
check GPT you get very Bland boring
generic output that you're likely to
find all over blog posts everywhere the
top 10 ways to generate money with jet
GPT and all the answers will be very
high level generic and everyone else is
looking at exactly the same answers Andy
exactly and you know it's really not
that hard to generate that stuff within
YouTube
um itself even if you're using the free
version right so for example show me how
to make money by using GPT content
creation copywriting blah blah blah blah
oh that looks really familiar
yeah that's 3.5 the free version right
exactly and one thing that we've noticed
is that many people
use chat gbt kind of like an advanced
Google search which it's not the
intention of Chachi BT right it's the
power of Chaturbate is its ability to
tailor its output to your situation to
your scenario for you to actually use in
a very valuable way and if you're only
using this simple like Search terms or
prompts it doesn't matter if you're
using the free version or the paid
version it's going to look basically the
same right however today we want to just
break down a few simple principles of
using chat gbt and the one that we work
on the one that we want to work on right
now is context because context is King
when it comes to working with AI so Stu
over to you yeah thanks Andy and look
the simple fact is we see a lot of
people making uh prompts out in the the
uh internet world and some of the
problems are pretty good you know but
there's a flaw in a lot of them in that
that very heavy on the instructions do
this do this do this give me that give
me this but they don't provide takes
right and that's why we've created a
prompt structure which we've taught
before and we'll go far more into detail
in a later time but for now we just want
to talk about the importance of context
because context is the way that chat GPT
can read all that information that
you're asking about and then distill it
down and give you an answer that relates
specifically to your context right to
your situation which is very powerful so
let us give you an example we've written
a prompt we're going to give that to you
for you today it's down below under this
video where we go into
um
the same question but with a lot more
prompting and look we're not going to
show you our whole approach today that's
what the course is for and it's a whole
97 pretty good value for money but here
we want to talk about context right
because context is how you personalize
and you want to just give chat GPT a lot
of context around your skills your
desires your current position resources
are available and so on right so the
more context the better so we're still
asking the same question I want to
explore ways to make money using chechi
PT right can you assist me in this
journey so we've set the task and we you
know you can write folks your context as
if you're telling a friend don't worry
about the way you write this puts a lot
of people off they think it's too
technical or too hard look you need zero
experience using these tools to write
the context you just write from your
heart you just write what comes into
your mind you don't need any special way
our prompt structure takes care of it
you only need to provide context and you
can do that in the same way that chat
CPT Works in natural language okay so
occupation financial goals and time
frames and available resources specific
Industries risk tolerance and investment
capacity are all very important
pieces of context for it to be able to
tailor a way for you to make money with
chat CPT that relates to all of that so
I've already run the prompt okay and
here's what I wrote I'm a marketing
manager for a large International
Company my main skills include
communication I'm really good at
communicating expectations with my team
okay and so on I really enjoy bringing
marketing campaigns to life to help
Brands tell their story let me zoom in a
bit folks I have around 5 000 in savings
I can invest into this and I can spare
around 10 to 15 hours a week I would
love to be able to have an income from
this that can replace my corporate
income which is 120 000 a year in terms
of Industries I'm drawn to I love tax
pick and SAS products I like Ai and I
really like working with online tools to
make our job easier so we've given it a
bunch of context so we're essentially
asking the same question how can I make
money using chat TPT but we're we're
using an approach where it's tailored to
Who We Are now Andy we've used this
before this is our question approach or
our interactive chat CPT approach
because it allows us to go even deeper
we'll go more into detail than that in
prompt Mastery as well but when we run
this it's going to ask us some questions
and if you have a look at the questions
right have you ever created a managed a
personal brand Which online platforms
are you most comfortable with are you
open to creating and selling digital
products and so on because you can take
those answers plus our context and it's
going to go even more relevant to our
skills right so if we were a corporate
marketing manager what can chat GPT come
up with so to answer these questions
we're not going into how to do all this
we've covered that elsewhere we'll be
covering it in far more detail in our
prompt our Mastery course but you just
use a clipboard you'll bring it over to
a separate document and you'll answer
the questions so what I'm going to do
folks is just quickly pause this video
and we'll come back when we've got the
answers because we're doing this live
and we'll see you in from your
perspective in about 1C
and we're back with our questions that
we've now answered and even though we've
got it to ask short questions yes no
provide as much context as you can in
these questions again I sounded like a
broken record Andy but context is King
when you want to personalize your output
no-brainer so here's our answers you
know have you managed yes but never a
personal brain it's on okay so we're
going to run the answers and then what
it's going to do is take those answers
and then it's going to identify some
potential parts and this is the power of
personalization so you know digital
products and course Creations affiliate
marketing for SAS products see how it's
more tailored to our interests our
Specialties our skills webinars and
workshops uh AI chat box Consulting and
implementation definitely a market there
um right you see the 2B continue that's
a little override and so on then it's
going to provide blueprints so while
it's writing that we'll come back to
that in a second Andy a lot of people
think chat gpt's got dumber and in
reality
from their perspective we can understand
why because when three months ago if
you'd run a generic prompt you get
slightly better output and they put a
lot more restrictions to cover copyright
issues because they're getting sued to
conserve compute power because too much
drain on their resources but has the
base model really got Dumber
absolutely not I mean if you know
I guess you know it's being able to see
chat GPT for what it is it's not a
search engine it's a I would say it's
more like an assistant or a secretary
for you to bounce thoughts around with
right if you look at from that
perspective yeah consultant right it's
if you look at it from that perspective
you will know that the more context you
provide about yourself about your
situation the better the feedback and
advice it's going to be right so if
that's the way to better use strategy if
we're using it correctly then we can
definitely tap into that you know
wealth of knowledge much more easily oh
yeah like a trillion data sets as you
say
um you know more than a trillion data
sets we can draw from uh and the context
is how it knows what's relevant to us
and amongst all of that uh data so folks
while it's easy to think Chachi PT's got
Dumber because your prompts don't
generate the same level of output as
they might have three months ago please
understand that the base model's
actually got smarter we're getting the
best output ever and unfortunately the
bar to using it has gone higher right
you need a better level of prompting is
that fair should they have done that
that's not what we're here to discuss
we're here purely to provide value and
show you how to get the most out of
these tools so if you're open-minded and
you're prepared to absorb a little bit
more around your prompt structure around
context you're going to have a much
happier time and get far better output
from chat GPT so let's jump back in see
what sort of output it's given us and
then we'll wrap this up okay so you've
see it's got our end of overall outputs
uh and some nice thoughts there so let's
go and see what it gave us right now
look how long this output is right this
is because of the override that we've
put into the prompt won't go into that
today so based on these extra income
here's the blueprint so if you want to
do digital products and course creation
identify gaps in the market and choose a
platform create a curriculum record your
content Market your course collect
feedback this is step by step these are
the things that you need to do so you
can sort of have a look at these and
decide which one you like the best do
you want to do webinars and workshops do
you want to do a AI chat bot now let's
say you don't like any of those you can
just regenerate okay and it'll give you
a rerun right don't you don't always
have to rely we'll talk about that and
of course as well so if you need skill
enhancement here's for each of those the
skills that you're going to need and
then if you want to you can say thank
you this is amazing can you please
um provide more comprehensive
that's good spelling isn't it
the joy of live video folks uh can you
please provide more comprehensive
information on and let's say there's
something up here you're not sure about
going a bit over and Beyond here so
let's say that we want to identify gaps
in the market so let's just pull this
out for number one digital course
creation uh on right for our digital
course creation and then it will break
that down to the next level and this is
how you can start using chat CPT to get
really relevant tailored information and
learn all the things that you don't know
so how do you identify your gut Market
gaps here's exactly how to do it right
so folks that's really just what we
wanted to cover it's a very useful
prompt by the way
um it's our new instructional prompt
that we've been releasing recently where
it asks questions to further Taylor and
that gives it better context okay so
really the function of what we're trying
to teach you today is that context
directly relates to the personalization
aspect of your output and that's really
the key for you to understand and what
we wanted to really cover off with that
today was that you don't have to be a a
Wordsmith or a copywriter to write their
content so you can just run write it
however you like so Andy any final
thoughts before we wrap this up
I would just say
you know let's stop looking at chatubity
as an advanced Google search and that'll
start changing things
yeah good thought so folks we hope this
has given you a wee bit more sort of
insight into what makes a good prompt
and to how to get around the
restrictions that seem to be quite
prevalent with open AI That's got a lot
of people crying about how dumb it's got
and again while we sympathize we do ask
you to be open-minded and instead of
complaining you can you can focus on the
problem in life folks so you can focus
on the solution we're focusing on
Solutions you can complain all you want
you're never going to get ahead if you
want to get a head be solution focused I
won't rant on about that today but folks
we hope you've enjoyed this our Advanced
prompt Mastery course is 97 you've just
received a drop of kind of the the style
that we'll be teaching and sort of the
information that we're going to be
giving you we've got far far more really
focused on methodology and building
prompts from scratch for specific use
cases so personalization is just one of
the ways we can do that we can't wait to
show you more links down below and we'll
see you in the next one peace